You're teaming up
with the guys from Ghosted.
I could have died
in there!
Aw, somebody
need a hug?
Catch all-new episodes Sundays.
And check out
our other Fox programs--
The Orville, Gotham,
and Lucifer.
Remember me?
Only on Fox.
Leroy, I'm gonna ask you
a question,
-and I want you to be honest
with me.
When you told me to stab
the underside
-of that squid creature...
...did you know the ink sac
-No.
ANNIE:
Oh, did someone stab
the underside of a squid
Okay, is this
one of those things
everyone knows not to do
-LEROY: Yep.
-Come with me.
Oh. All right.
Looks good on you.
Let me see.
-I look like I murdered a Smurf.
Actually, it's kind of burning.
Is that weird?
Well, it's poison, so...
Are you serious?
-Don't worry about it.
*
Gather up,
everyone.
The, uh...
What is it?
The-the-the Gila Forest,
a... uh...
the Gila Forest in New Mexico.
A hiker claimed that his friend
was snatched off the ground
and ripped into the woods
by "something."
The Gila Snatcher!
Sorry. I'm-I'm just excited.
Yes, Annie has been following
the disappearances in the Gila
for quite some time,
and even though
there have been no
confirmed sightings
and no clear indication of what
exactly is in those woods,
she's, obviously,
given it a name.
The Gila Snatcher.
I was calling it
the Snatch Monster,
but then I changed that
for obvious reasons.
Hey, uh, Captain LaFrey,
if you're sending me and Leroy
out to investigate,
we should take Annie.
Since she's an expert
on the Snatch Monsters.
Good idea, Max.
Annie, you'll go.
Everyone, get to work.
Thank you.
-Yes. All right.
-Yes.
-MAX: * Going on a road trip. *
-Max.
Sure.
-A word, please.
You wanted Annie coming with us
as an expert, right?
Yeah. What other reason
would there be?
I can't think of one.
On an unrelated note,
I was thinking about this
hypothetical agent,
I'll call him Matt.
He tried taking on
a dangerous case
while simultaneously
working to impress this girl
he was super into, even though
he would never say it.
-Right.
-And his split focus
made the whole thing
blow up in his face.
Ooh.
-And kill his partner,
-Me-Roy.
Also hypothetical.
I am so sad for Matt
and Me-Roy--
sound like great guys--
but I can tell you
that Max is full force
in the case, 100% focused.
-And... I am 100% sure.
I'm willing to go to 120%.
I'm fine with 100%.
ANNIE:
There are no known photographs,
but local lore is that a large
mammal-like creature
lives in the trees.
Now, since I've been
studying this,
seven people have gone missing,
-just in the last three years.
-Yeah, the hiker's buddy said
he was just lifted up
off the ground and disappeared.
I mean, what kind of creature
does that?
Oz monkeys.
Those evil flying monkeys
from The Wizard of Oz?
They could do that.
Are you suggesting
those are real, or...?
No, I'm saying
they could do that.
I've seen it with my own eyes.
You mean, you've seen
The Wizard of Oz?
-Correct.
-Got it.
Well, I can say with confidence
we are not dealing
-with Oz monkeys here.
-That's good to hear.
I got to say, though, I do find
their little bellhop uniforms
amusing.
Little evil flying monkey in
a little hat, little coat.
You think they wear that
by choice,
or does the witch make them
dress up?
The witch totally makes them
dress up.
Freaky witch.
So, the most disturbing thing
is, every so often,
one of the hikers turns up...
in pieces, shredded,
-with teeth marks.
Sorry. It's a hobby.
But this area is no joke.
I mean, the Gila Forest
is rough terrain.
What do you mean
"rough terrain"?
Oh, I'm talking big,
nasty woods.
-Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, no, I love the woods.
As a kid, people called me
James Woods.
-They used to call you
James Woods? -They sure did.
Because I loved the woods
so much, and I looked older.
-I'm gonna go try
and find a signal. -Okay.
See you later.
Leroy, listen, I have to
tell you something.
No one's ever called me
James Woods.
I'm confused.
I was under the impression
they called you James Woods
based on your love of the woods.
That's just it.
I don't love the woods.
In fact, I hate the woods.
Oh. No, Max.
I'm out of my element.
I mean, out in the woods,
trying to focus on a case
-in addition to...
-Well, no. No, no.
-No, no, no. You trailed off.
-Okay. In addition to trying
-to impress Annie. Fine.
Okay -There it is.
That's what I was talking about
back at the Bureau.
-Yeah.
-That was us!
-Well, circumstances
have changed, Me
-I don't know what to do here,
man. -Calm down.
-No, no, Max.
-I don't know what to do.
Relax, okay? I got us.
I used to be a Eagle Scout.
-Was an Eagle Scout.
I can handle this.
All you have to do
is act as if.
As if?
Act as if you cool.
Act as if you fearless.
Act as if you a damn
woodland master.
And act it so hard,
you start to believe it.
-Then Annie will, too.
-Yeah.
-I like that. That's cool.
All right, I'll grab Annie.
You wait here,
and get any last nerdy impulses
out of your system.
-Yeah.
Ooh, binoculars.
Well, Leroy,
who's the nerd now?
Oh.
Ah, father and son in the woods,
how sweet.
Uh...
It's headed straight
for those people.
Leroy! Annie!
What's his name?
Barry, what are you doing here?
I saw you in the meeting.
What's his name?
Don't play this game with me,
Ava, not with me.
You've been distant all week.
You've not been yourself.
Shouldn't you be doing
an autopsy?
And I'm doing one.
Open up that chest cavity
and let me see that heart.
Barry, the remains
of the Gila victim
could yield valuable
information...
I'm gonna ask you one last time.
-Leave.
As in Schreiber?
As in "leave now."
Okay, I'm going.
But one piece of advice,
keep it "HOT."
Listen to me, it's an acronym.
Honest, Open,
Two-way communication.
-Get out.
-Sorry. Okay.
Anybody out there?!
Where are you?
Are you here?
What is it
A dad and a kid.
I don't know where they went.
There...
Something was watching 'em
from the trees, like a,
like a bat,
but, uh, the
You saw Batman?
No, not Batman.
It was, like, something
that resembled a bat,
but, like, big, like a man.
-What I'm hearing is Batman.
-No, it wasn't Batman, Leroy.
Well, it sounds like bat
and man, right?
Yeah, but I didn't
say them together.
You say them together,
it's a whole different thing.
-It's Batman.
-Max, if you saw the Gila--
I mean, if that is, in fact,
what you saw--
it would be the first
truly confirmed sighting.
We should head back
to the car, get our equipment.
Yeah, good idea.
Leroy, where are you going?
The car is this way.
-Car is back this way.
-No.
-Car is this way.
-We just came from this way.
No, no, no. I could've sworn
it was around this way.
Um... what?
-Guys...
are we stupid enough
to be lost already?
Okay, we didn't run too far.
Let's just go my way
for a few minutes,
see if we run into the car.
-It won't take long.
-Unless your way takes us
further into the woods,
getting us even more lost.
Oh, my God. We're lost?
We don't have any food.
We have no shelter.
The darkness is coming
by the minute,
and this landscape
was made to kill us.
:
Act as if.
: As if?
-As if.
-As if. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah. I mean,
I wouldn't want it
any other way.
-No.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, I'm not worried. Not at all.
In fact, I got into science
because I was bored
of solving forest problems
like this.
No biggie.
So great out here, right?
It's beautiful and stuff?
It's just...
It's perfect.
-Trees.
-Right.
Trees. You got trees.
I mean, I see it
as the most beautiful challenge,
if that makes sense?
Like, I just look at it,
and I'm just like,
"Bring it on, bro." You know?
LEROY:
Man.
I was frightened at first,
but now, 'cause of you,
I'm... feel safe.
Okay, so, it worked.
-Your advice.
Keep it HOT.
Open the floodgates.
I tried it with him,
and it worked.
So it is a him.
-Yes, Barry. It's a him.
It's a man.
A man that I kept pushing away
until you stepped in.
Glad I could help.
You know, I guess
it's kind of a... a pattern
with me, this-this pushing men
away thing, you know?
I-I look for the smallest excuse
to end it.
If he's, you know,
wearing too many Henleys,
if he uses the word "delicious"
to describe an experience,
or he won't open the car door.
When a man doesn't open
the car door...
Nice shot.
Can we play tic
Yeah, but I get
the first two moves, remember.
-MAX: All right.
I get center square. -Okay.
We need a plan.
It's getting dark,
and we have no equipment.
MAX:
That's correct.
Yeah. Uh, the plan...
It's being formulated,
and, uh, it's super good.
Great, but we need
some specifics.
So, what do we do?
Right. Um...
Well, the, uh...
:
We need the specifics.
Specifics?
The specifics of the plan
-are to stay put.
-That's right.
-Like you said. Max said...
-Right.
"If you're lost in the woods,
the best move is to stay put,
and then somebody
will come looking for you."
-But no one's looking for us.
-Not now.
But as it gets darker,
you know, they'll see the car
parked there in the dark,
they'll call search and rescue.
Search and rescue
will come looking for us,
and they'll find us
'cause we stayed put.
That's the plan.
ANNIE:
All right, well,
-I guess that sounds...
-Weak.
Your plan is weak.
You have a weak plan.
You mean your plan
that you told me. -Yeah.
That's right.
Just hearing it out loud,
coming out of your mouth,
it sounds weak.
It sounds passive.
I grew up as an Eagle Scout.
-Like, I was an Eagle Scout.
Yes, I sure was.
You want specifics?
How about this?
Follow me. I know my way out.
-It's right through here.
-All right.
No, sorry.
It's... Whoops.
It's right over this way.
Am I just putting up walls?
Erecting a-a barrier
to fence in my heart,
seclude my soul?
I mean, do I even really know
what love is?
Well, that feels
like a natural stopping point.
And it's not like I just
hold back emotionally.
It's-it's physically, too.
Not sexually.
I'm quite satiated sexually,
but sensually, I'm starved.
Enough!
I can't take it anymore.
-You need closure.
We're gonna call your ex.
-You said you knew the way.
-I thought I did.
I swear I thought I did.
I was really buying into
my own fake sense
of self-confidence, I guess.
But if we just keep walking,
we'll eventually
It feels like we've been walking
for an hour.
That's right. It does. Uh...
That's 'cause
in the forest, like,
time slows down, w...
because of the moon
-and dehydration and stuff.
-Trees. Wind.
And the trees... and leaves...
Max, what pointed you
in this direction?
-'Cause you never said.
-MAX: Yeah.
I mean, you just said
you knew the way out, but how?
Knew it. Knew it by the...
the stars and stuff.
You... This way?
When we were going there?
It was, like, woodland,
like, expert...
master stuff.
It's hard to explain.
Okay, so, it's starting to sound
like you actually don't know
where we are
or where we're going
or the slightest idea...
Um, guys?
Oh, my God.
Ew.
Oh, that is human.
It's picked clean.
It must have done this.
You mean... Batman?
-I didn't say Batman, Leroy.
-Yes, you did.
I said it was bat-like
and the size of a man.
That's the description
of Batman.
You want me to describe
Batman for you?
You've been describing him
all day.
I don't need to hear it again.
It doesn't matter
what you want to call it.
-MAX: ...in Gotham.
-Shh!
You hear that?
I hear it,
but I don't see it.
Me neither.
Guys.
Stay very still and quiet.
I think I see eyes.
Run!
*
Oz monkeys! It's the Oz monkeys!
-ANNIE: We need to find cover.
There!
-It's locked.
-I'll hold him off!
-It's coming!
-I don't know.
It was right behind me.
I think I hear something.
That was my tummy.
-She's not happy.
-Wow.
We just escaped the bat monster,
and now we have to contend
with the gurgle monster.
Right?
Okay.
What the hell, Max?
You were lying this whole time?
Just putting all of us in
danger
MAX:
I don't know.
I'm sorry.
Look, I just,
I wanted to impress you, okay?
'Cause I like you.
All right?
Wow.
I thought the weight of fear
and terror
would overwhelm
anything awkward, but...
I was wrong.
This is real, real awkward.
What's that?
A flashlight.
Flashlight
His.
Gross.
LEROY:
Damn.
He was probably hiking when
Batman must've come after him,
and he ran in here
to try to wait it out.
-And starved to death.
-Wait, he's a hiker,
and he didn't come here
with any food or supplies?
There. A backpack. You guys.
He must've dropped it running
from that thing.
-Backpack.
-It's out there.
-I just got to... No, no.
-Here, twist it.
-You hit it, you hit it.
-Twist. Why would...
-why would they make it, why
would they make it... -I know...
-You hit it. You twisted it.
Oh, I twisted it
Check this out.
-Ava!
-Steven, let me get this out.
You can do this. Stay strong.
I can't keep letting
my relationships get
dragged down under the weight
of our past.
I have to let you go.
Wow. Well, I'm... proud of you.
All I ever wanted
was for you to be happy.
Sorry, Steven, can you give us
a second? It's Barry here.
-Just a minute.
Oh.
Are you sure about this?
He seems kind of great.
-Do we want
to give him a second chance?
I can hear you guys. And
for the record, I'm up for it.
No, no, no. B-Barry,
I'm done listening to you.
And, Steven,
I am done running back to you.
-Okay...
-Go finish your autopsy.
Well, I just did.
*
Guys, listen,
we can't wait this out.
If we can get to that backpack,
maybe he had a satellite phone
or a radio.
We can't just run out there.
No, but it's been quiet
for, like, an hour.
I mean, maybe it's sleeping
or something.
Or maybe it's lying in wait,
all quiet and still,
just waiting on one of us
to poke our head out
so it can snatch us up
like an Oz monkey on Toto.
Okay, terrific.
So what are we gonna do?
Uh, go for plan B
like our friend over here?
No, you guys,
we are not going down like that.
That pack is our best hope,
maybe our last hope.
So what do you say?
Great. Okay,
now you're talking. So, uh,
all right, who's gonna...
who's gonna go out there
and get it?
It's me, isn't it?
Yes.
Yeah. 'Cause it was my idea?
-Definitely. -All the dumbass
stuff I did today
-to get us stuck out here.
-Mm-hmm. -All of that.
-Yeah. -Yeah, no, that's great.
That's fair. I-I get that.
Okay, when Leroy opens the door,
you just take off, stay low,
grab the bag,
and haul ass back here.
Okay.
-Yeah.
One, two, three.
*
LEROY:
Go, go, go!
MAX:
Okay.
-No sat phone, no radio.
-None of this helps.
Not one thing.
But you put these together...
Camping fuel, batteries,
weather radio,
location module, car key remote.
Yeah, I can build
an explosive device.
Can you also build a bazooka
to fire this device?
'Cause you can't just hand
a bomb to the bat thing
and say, "Here you go."
Maybe we can.
Does it seem a tiny bit wrong
to do this to this poor guy?
A chance for payback?
I think it's what
he would have wanted.
Okay, once you get that thing
to take the bait,
I'm gonna click this
and it will blow, okay?
Great. So all I have to do is
run outside, wearing a dead guy
like a fox fur stole
in order to trick a bat monster
into thinking
that he's getting a live meal.
And hope that your little
MacGyver backpack bomb
doesn't go off
while I'm still carrying it.
All right, well, don't worry,
MacGyver's got nothing
on MacMax.
-Yeah. That's right.
Why didn't you go with
"MaxGyver"? So much better.
Oh, yeah.
How did I miss that?
Annie, you sure about this?
The chance
for an up close encounter
with the Gila Snatcher?
How could I pass that up?
LEROY/MAX:
One, two, three, go!
ANNIE: Oh, my God,
what is wrong with me?
Come on, you son of a bitch!
-Oh! -Go!
-Come on! Come back!
-Come on, come on, come on!
-Come back! Go, go,
go, go, go, go! -Come on!
-Yes!
-Yeah!
-Yes! Oh!
-Eat it! You ain't no Batman!
-Eat it!
-Yes! Yes!
-No way. No way! Oh.
-Uh-huh. Sure.
-No way! No...
-Yes.
-Sorry, I'm just extremely
impressed. -Yeah, by the time
we all got up on our feet
and looked out,
-it was sunrise.
Any real Eagle Scout knows
spiders always build webs
on the south side
of trees, so...
I was able
to get us out of there.
-Oh. -Plus, there was
a compass in the backpack.
-That, too.
-Oh, fantastic, just fantastic.
Well, I had a very interesting
evening here myself.
Did you?
No, it was...
bland and uneventful.
: It wasn't.
-Yeah. Come on.
-I love juicy gossip.
-Ugh. -You're not gonna
believe what happened.
It's... man.
Anyway...
-I just wanted to,
like, apologize... -No.
-You don't have to say anything.
-Well, I mean,
-come on.
-Really, don't.
-Okay.
-Honestly, after what you said,
I felt great.
I felt really happy.
-Yeah, but, um,
I have so much stuff
that I have to figure out.
-Sure.
-And you have some things
-to figure out, too.
-Totally.
Once that's all dealt with,
though, I...
Um... maybe.
-Maybe.
-So...
-Cool.
Oh, Annie.
Just one more thing, uh...
Good job
blowing up that monster.
Thanks.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
You've explored the paranormal
with Ghosted.
Now here are a few more shows
to check out from Fox.
* Hey-ay-ay *
WOMAN:
This is our story.
* Can't stop me now *
* I'm just doing what I do *
* Won't stop doing what I do *
* Can't stop me now *
-* Can't stop me now *
-* Cannot beat me *
* I'm just doin' what I do *
* Won't stop doin' what I do *